As a go.
Last time we created our register form so now we have both our log in form and our registered form on
this page.
What we're going to do now is just a brief interruption to BHP.
So at the top right above the HP email tag makes from space and then going to open up a p-h people OK.
And we do that like this.
So those tags create a page people log in all up here Pekoe can go inside of here.
So anything on each page on your website.
You can just put these BHP blocks.
It doesn't matter where you put these.
As long as you put that out in there you could put some BHP anywhere.
So I could put it down here for example.
Don't copy this just show works.
Echo.
Hello.
I like that.
And I can do that.
Save it for the page.
And you see hello there because all echo does is a PSP term for print.
So this just prints something to the screen.
Okay.
So I'll just remove that and go back to the top here.
So I would have the same page p code in here.
All you do is write a code that detects when our log bone is pressed.
So we're going to do an if statement.
Okay.
And inside the prentice's we're going to say if it is set parentheses again dollar signs underscore
post in all capitals square brackets single quotes and then inside here is the name of the input so
the name of the bone.
So we're going to say laurian burn which is the name remember.
So log in.
Copy the name there.
Paste line.
So if is does underscore post inside square brackets locking button.
But the argument has to go inside single quotes as well.
And this is saying if the log in Burton has been pressed do something.
So if it has we're just going to say airco again but was pressed like that.
Right.
So when I press this page you won't see anything because the log in and hasn't been pressed.
If I press like no member off to fill these in because it required fields process log Amber and now
you'll see log in and was pressed.
So that's how we're going to know that they've submitted a form they've tried to log in.
They tried to register so nice inside here you can leave a comment if you want.
By doing two slashes he can just say bargain button was pressed.
Maybe helps you understand what's going on.
I'm going to do another one for the register button and copy and paste that.
Now this is going to be the register button.
Changes to register if you want.
So Register phone was pressed and in here you can just just make sure it works.
The register was pressed.
Save that refresh.
When you try and refresh a form you get a confirmation dialogue or pair asking if you want to reset
for resubmit the form.
This is a browser thing.
It is not a problem but I'll show you a way round this so that that doesn't happen later on.
For now don't worry about that.
Just first a page we have to know about that is if you did.
If you did click confirm on that dialogue it would just resubmit the form with exactly the same values
you submitted it last time.
Okay so it's not a problem at all but I'll show you how to get around that later on.
So we're going to add some values into here.
Now none of these are required fields so in order to test it that button works we have to make sure
they all have values.
So just give them some values.
Click sign up.
Because these are our type email.
You see our former Here we have for the e-mail inputs we have time equals email.
It's expecting an at sign like that person thing and then it was for us.
Now sign up and you see register burm was pressed.
Okay great.
That's it.
So that's it is a very brief introduction on unpatched B.
You won't need much more of an introduction because you'll learn it all as we go.
So even if you've never seen or heard of page B before you'll be absolutely fine in this course.
Don't worry.